After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
	https://safe-lake-68036.herokuapp.com/03Prove-shopping-cart/index.php

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
	https://github.com/caleb5baird/cs313/tree/master/web/03Prove-shopping-cart


3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.
	When you load this web page you will see a list of services that you can purchase. Each item
	has an add to cart button next to it so that it is simple to add items to the cart.
	To go to the cart simply click on the icon in the top right corner of the screen. There you
	will see a list of the items in your cart. You can remove any item you would like by clicking
	the remove button to the left. You can also enter your shipping information from that page.
	There is some nice client side validation the requires the fields to be filled out and formats
	the phone field automatically. You can than checkout which brings you to a confirmation page
	where your confirm that the information is correct before actually checking out. If you click
	checkout from there the cart will be emptied and you will be redirected to the home page.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
	It is all working correctly.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
	Definitely the coolest thing that I learned was how to use session variables.

6. List one strength and one limitation of using cookies.
	A strength is that a server can tell one user from another by giving the users cookies.
	A weakness is that the server has no direct control of the cookies.


7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
	Everything in my product was made from scratch. I did not use any libraries or frameworks.
	(other than the jquery library.) and the javascript validation on the shipping information
	forms are very nice.

